docs(blog): developer update August (#271)
flybywiresim/website: src/posts/development_notam-2021-08.md

The bugs page is also fully featured on the A32NX, allowing pilots to set relevant speeds and altitudes.

Interestingly enough, airlines do not recommend setting bugs on the ISIS. This is because speed bugs previously set to take-off speeds would cause confusion on approach if the pilots were looking for characteristic approach speeds.

We hope you don't have to stare at the ISIS too much because that would mean something has gone horribly wrong, but enjoy the capabilities of the little companion nonetheless!

![ISIS Combined](/img/notam-images/isis-combined.jpg)

### Custom VNAV Progress

VNAV work has been steadily progressing, and builds upon the foundation set in place by our new custom FMS. Once completed, VNAV will introduce many long-awaited features to the A32NX, including accurate descent profile calculation, pseudo-waypoints (e.g. top of climb and top of descent), and accurate econ speed derivation. 

> Furthermore, since we are modeling the Honeywell Pegasus FMS2, we are able to model a unique feature no other Airbus addon is doing: CDAs, or continuous descent approaches. Rather than using level-altitude segments for deceleration during an approach, the Honeywell FMS instead builds the approach profile to decelerate WHILE descending, resulting in greater fuel savings. This will introduce two new pseudo-waypoints: FLAPS 1 and FLAPS 2. Here's a visualization (© Airbus Safety First 2021):

Reviewer: Pegasus II is the hardware module

```suggestion
Furthermore, since we are modeling the Honeywell Release H3 FMS, we are able to model a unique feature no other Airbus addon is doing: CDAs, or continuous descent approaches. Rather than using level-altitude segments for deceleration during an approach, the Honeywell FMS instead builds the approach profile to decelerate WHILE descending, resulting in greater fuel savings. This will introduce two new pseudo-waypoints: FLAPS 1 and FLAPS 2. Here's a visualization (© Airbus Safety First 2021):
```
